docs: self-managed-CRDs (#660)
elastisys/compliantkubernetes: docs/user-guide/self-managed-services/sealedsecrets.md

SealedSecrets (self-managed)
===========

{%
   include-markdown './_common.include'
   start='<!--disclaimer-start-->'
   end='<!--disclaimer-end-->'
%}

{%
   include-markdown './_common-crds.include'
   start='<!--disclaimer-start-->'
   end='<!--disclaimer-end-->'
%}

> This page will help you to install [Sealed Secrets](https://github.com/bitnami-labs/sealed-secrets), so that you are allowed to install the CustomResourceDefinitions that are required by Sealed Secrets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page will help you to install [Sealed Secrets](https://github.com/bitnami-labs/sealed-secrets), so that you are allowed to install the cluster-wide resources that are required by Sealed Secrets.
```

This guide is a complement to [Sealed Secrets](https://github.com/bitnami-labs/sealed-secrets/tree/v0.23.1) own documentation.

# Preparation

> The self-managed CRDs feature adds specific roles, services accounts, etc. for you. This to enable you to install CRDs and the service that requires the CRDs.
> These pre-installed resources are propagated via HNC from your root namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The self-managed cluster-wide resources feature adds specific Roles, ServiceAccounts, etc. for you. 
This enables you to install and manage the resources that Sealed Secrets needs.

These pre-installed resources are propagated via HNC from your root Namespace ([recall the documentation of this feature](https://elastisys.io/compliantkubernetes/user-guide/namespaces/)).
```

> First create a new namespace using HNC, using the snippet below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First create a new Namespace using HNC, using the snippet below.
```

> If you do not know which root-namespace you should use, ask your platform administrator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you do not know which root Namespace you should use, ask your platform administrator.
```

```yaml
apiVersion: hnc.x-k8s.io/v1alpha2
kind: SubnamespaceAnchor
metadata:
  name: sealed-secrets
  namespace: <root namespace>
```

## Install Sealed Secrets

> Sealed Secrets have a section in their documentation about installing Sealed Secrets into a [restricted environment](https://github.com/bitnami-labs/sealed-secrets/tree/v0.23.1#helm-chart-on-a-restricted-environment).
> Where there exists a `config.yaml` that defines what should be installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sealed Secrets have a section in their documentation about installing Sealed Secrets into a [restricted environment](https://github.com/bitnami-labs/sealed-secrets/tree/v0.23.1#helm-chart-on-a-restricted-environment), where they give show a `config.yaml` that defines what should be installed.
```

> The following `config.yaml` is an example of what is required to install Sealed Secrets into compliantkubernetes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following `config.yaml` is an example of what is required to install Sealed Secrets into Compliant Kubernetes.
```

```yaml
serviceAccount:
  create: true
  name: sealed-secrets
rbac:
  create: false
  clusterRole: false
additionalNamespaces: []
resources:
  requests:
    cpu: 150m
    memory: 256Mi
  limits:
    cpu: 150m
    memory: 256Mi
```

You are now ready to install Sealed Secrets

```console
helm upgrade --install sealed-secrets -n sealed-secrets sealed-secrets/sealed-secrets -f config.yaml

> ```

Reviewer: We should add a note here that since the Controller will be installed in the `sealed-secrets` Namespace, the CLI tool must be told to look there. By default, it looks in `kube-system`. Relevant project docs here:

Reviewer: https://github.com/bitnami-labs/sealed-secrets#how-to-use-kubeseal-if-the-controller-is-not-running-within-the-kube-system-namespace

Author: Added a note just below
